Project Thunder developed an e-commerce and [CRM](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Customer_relationship_management) platform as an all-in-one solution. There was a significant need for this in early 2000. Many brands and personalities were creating an online presence and selling merchandise. Project Thunder catered to small and midsize businesses providing services for creating and managing online stores and customers. 

I was brought on to work with clients and help them bring their visions to life. Many of the clients were established brands or personalities that already had some style guide and a sense of what they visually wanted out of an online shop. In most cases, I went into the kickoff meetings well prepared so the client could describe their vision and we were able to jump right into ideation. The deliverables at the end of the design phase were generally just Photoshop files and in some cases, the client would want to iron out the user experience.

Once the design phase was completed, we would move directly into development. This was initially challenging because I had not worked with the [.NET Framework](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.NET_Framework) and found the lack of modularity for frontend components frustrating during the mid-2000s. I was able to find a balance and over time I became much better informed about the features and limitations of the framework. I was able to apply this information to the design phase to set expectations leaving the implementation phase mostly problem-free properly.
