My name is Chad Ort, and I am currently the Lead Developer at [Snopes](https://www.snopes.com). I have been doing development work for over 14 years across multiple industries, including [gaming](/about/companies/ncsoft/), [advertising](/about/companies/proper-media/) and [media](/about/companies/snopes/). Recently, my focus has been on WordPress, React, and managing our development team.

In high school, I learned to program using Pascal and worked at a computer repair shop. He was a great mentor and really got me interested in programming. In 2004, I started building websites for friends and family in my spare time, and then, in 2007, I accepted my first development position. In the beginning, I focused on the front end and learning to work with different content management systems. My first job was on a team that enforced a high level of code quality and taught me to write readable, maintainable code. Over the years, my focus has shifted to managing development teams and doing backend work.

The two of us enjoy spending time outdoors and working with animals, so in 2016, we bought a tiny house in Tennessee that was less than 300 square feet. In one of the pastures there was already a pond, so we raised chickens, ducks, and goats. It was a big change from working in downtown Seattle, but I loved the contrast between spending my days in an office and my time with animals.

At the beginning of 2020, the pandemic hit and the tiny house quickly became too small. When you stop going places or visiting friends, you want more space at home. During the worst of the pandemic, we decided to buy a new house while everyone else was doing the same. While we didn't find our forever home, we are happy where we are for now.
